---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "transparentedge_certificates Data Source - transparentedge"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Certificate listing.
---

# transparentedge_certificates (Data Source)

Certificate listing.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "transparentedge_certificates" "all" {}

output "all_certificates" {
  value = data.transparentedge_certificates.all
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `certificates` (Attributes List) List of all certificates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificates))

<a id="nestedatt--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificates`

Read-Only:

- `autogenerated` (Boolean) `True` if the certificate was autogenerated and is managed by TransparentEdge CDN (Certificates generated using HTTP or DNS challenge), **autogenerated** certificates **cannot** be modified.
- `commonname` (String) CN (_Common Name_) of the certificate.
- `company` (Number) Company ID that owns this certificate.
- `dnschallenge` (Boolean) `True` if the certificate was autogenerated using the DNS challenge, if `False` and **autogenerated** is `True`, it's a certificate generated using HTTP challenge.
- `domains` (String) SAN (_Subject Alternative Name_) domains included in the certificate, including the Common Name.
- `expiration` (String) Date when the certificate will expire.
- `id` (Number) ID of the certificate.
- `privatekey` (String) Private key of the certificate in PEM format, it cannot be password protected.
- `publickey` (String) Public part of the certificate in PEM format, it's recommended to include the full chain.
- `standalone` (Boolean) A standalone certificate will not be merged automatically on the SAN of other existing certificates for the same Company on creation or renewals.
