---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "transparentedge_certreq_http Resource - transparentedge"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages HTTP Certificate Requests.
  This resource enables the creation of certificate requests using the HTTP challenge.
  For detailed documentation (not Terraform-specific), please refer to this link https://docs.transparentedge.eu/getting-started/dashboard/auto-provisioning/ssl.
---

# transparentedge_certreq_http (Resource)

Manages HTTP Certificate Requests.

This resource enables the creation of certificate requests using the HTTP challenge.

For detailed documentation (not Terraform-specific), please refer to this [link](https://docs.transparentedge.eu/getting-started/dashboard/auto-provisioning/ssl).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domains` (Set of String) List of domains for which you want to request a certificate. You can **not** include wildcard domains, such as `*.example.com`, use DNS Certificate Requests instead.

### Optional

- `standalone` (Boolean) When set to `true`, this indicates that the certificate's domains should be treated as standalone and not merged into an existing certificate, either immediately or during future renewals.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_id` (Number) Certificate ID. It will be `null` in case of failure or when the certificate request is in progress.
- `created_at` (String) Date of creation.
- `id` (Number) ID of the HTTP Certificate Request.
- `status_message` (String) Indicates the current status message for the certificate request. This field will display a success message if the certificate is obtained successfully or an error message if the request fails. When the certificate request is in progress or if there is no status message available, it will be represented as `null`.
- `updated_at` (String) Date of last update.
